#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.12
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
asgiref==3.6.0
    # via
    #   django
    #   django-countries
attrs==21.2.0
    # via jsonschema
beautifulsoup4==4.12.2
    # via django-bootstrap4
boto3==1.18.65
    # via -r requirements.in
boto3-stubs==1.20.26
    # via -r requirements.in
botocore==1.21.65
    # via
    #   boto3
    #   s3transfer
botocore-stubs==1.23.26
    # via boto3-stubs
certifi==2024.7.4
    # via
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
cffi==1.15.1
    # via cryptography
charset-normalizer==2.0.9
    # via requests
coreapi==2.3.3
    # via -r requirements.in
coreschema==0.0.4
    # via coreapi
cryptography==42.0.4
    # via
    #   django-cryptography
    #   pyjwt
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   python3-openid
deprecated==1.2.13
    # via -r requirements.in
django==3.2.25
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-allauth
    #   django-appconf
    #   django-auditlog
    #   django-axes
    #   django-bootstrap4
    #   django-classy-tags
    #   django-common-helpers
    #   django-cron
    #   django-cryptography
    #   django-debug-toolbar
    #   django-extensions
    #   django-filter
    #   django-invitations
    #   django-jazzmin
    #   django-jsonfield
    #   django-log-request-id
    #   django-model-utils
    #   django-nonrelated-inlines
    #   django-notifications-hq
    #   django-phonenumber-field
    #   django-picklefield
    #   django-storages
    #   django-tables2
    #   django-timezone-field
    #   djangorestframework
    #   drf-spectacular
    #   jsonfield
django-allauth==0.44.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-appconf==1.0.6
    # via django-cryptography
django-auditlog==2.3.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-axes==5.40.1
    # via -r requirements.in
django-bootstrap4==23.1
    # via -r requirements.in
django-classy-tags==4.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-common-helpers==0.9.2
    # via -r requirements.in
django-constance[database]==2.9.1
    # via -r requirements.in
django-countries==7.5.1
    # via -r requirements.in
django-cron==0.6.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-cryptography==1.1
    # via -r requirements.in
django-currentuser==0.6.1
    # via -r requirements.in
django-debug-toolbar==4.3.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-extensions==3.2.3
    # via -r requirements.in
django-filter==23.5
    # via -r requirements.in
django-invitations==2.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-ipware==6.0.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-axes
django-jazzmin==2.6.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-jsonfield==1.4.1
    # via -r requirements.in
django-log-request-id==2.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-migrate-sql-deux==0.5.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-model-utils==4.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-notifications-hq
django-nonrelated-inlines==0.2
    # via -r requirements.in
django-notifications-hq==1.8.3
    # via -r requirements.in
django-phonenumber-field==7.3.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-picklefield==3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-constance
django-storages==1.14.2
    # via -r requirements.in
django-tables2==2.7.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-timezone-field==6.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
djangorestframework==3.15.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   drf-spectacular
drf-spectacular==0.26.3
    # via -r requirements.in
idna==3.7
    # via requests
inflection==0.5.1
    # via drf-spectacular
itypes==1.2.0
    # via coreapi
jinja2==3.1.3
    # via coreschema
jmespath==0.10.0
    # via
    #   boto3
    #   botocore
json-log-formatter==0.5.2
    # via -r requirements.in
jsonfield==3.1.0
    # via django-notifications-hq
jsonschema==3.2.0
    # via drf-spectacular
markupsafe==2.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jinja2
mypy-boto3-s3==1.20.17
    # via -r requirements.in
oauthlib==3.2.2
    # via requests-oauthlib
packaging==21.3
    # via -r requirements.in
phonenumbers==8.13.11
    # via -r requirements.in
psycopg2==2.8.6
    # via -r requirements.in
pycparser==2.21
    # via cffi
pydot==1.4.2
    # via -r requirements.in
pyjwt[crypto]==2.7.0
    # via django-allauth
pyparsing==3.0.9
    # via
    #   packaging
    #   pydot
pyrsistent==0.19.3
    # via jsonschema
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   botocore
    #   django-auditlog
python-ipware==3.0.0
    # via django-ipware
python-memcached==1.59
    # via -r requirements.in
python3-openid==3.2.0
    # via django-allauth
pytz==2023.3
    # via
    #   django
    #   django-notifications-hq
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via drf-spectacular
requests==2.32.2
    # via
    #   coreapi
    #   django-allauth
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   stripe
requests-oauthlib==1.3.1
    # via django-allauth
ruamel-yaml==0.17.26
    # via -r requirements.in
ruamel-yaml-clib==0.2.7
    # via -r requirements.in
s3transfer==0.5.0
    # via boto3
sentry-sdk==1.24.0
    # via -r requirements.in
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   django-jsonfield
    #   jsonschema
    #   python-dateutil
    #   python-memcached
soupsieve==2.4.1
    # via beautifulsoup4
sqlparse==0.5.0
    # via
    #   django
    #   django-debug-toolbar
stripe==4.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
swapper==1.3.0
    # via django-notifications-hq
typing-extensions==4.6.0
    # via django-countries
tzdata==2023.3
    # via -r requirements.in
uritemplate==4.1.1
    # via
    #   coreapi
    #   drf-spectacular
urllib3==1.26.19
    # via
    #   botocore
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
websocket-client==1.5.2
    # via -r requirements.in
wrapt==1.15.0
    # via deprecated

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
